---
title: "Interface: ImageSchema"
nav: ImageSchema
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: ImageSchema

A schema representing a return value or object property that is provided as a string,
which Coda should interpret as an image.

## Extends

- `BaseStringSchema`\<[`ImageReference`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#imagereference) \| [`ImageAttachment`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#imageattachment)\>

## Properties

### codaType

> **codaType**: [`ImageReference`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#imagereference) \| [`ImageAttachment`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#imageattachment)

Instructs Coda to render this value as an Image.

#### Overrides

`BaseStringSchema.codaType`

***

### description?

> `optional` **description**: `string`

A explanation of this object schema property shown to the user in the UI.

If your pack has an object schema with many properties, it may be useful to
explain the purpose or contents of any property that is not self-evident.

#### Inherited from

`BaseStringSchema.description`

***

### height?

> `optional` **height**: `string` \| `number`

How tall to render the image (supports number or formula). Use 0 for default.

***

### imageCornerStyle?

> `optional` **imageCornerStyle**: [`ImageCornerStyle`](../enumerations/ImageCornerStyle.md)

ImageCornerStyle type specifying style of corners on images. If unspecified, default is Rounded.

***

### imageOutline?

> `optional` **imageOutline**: [`ImageOutline`](../enumerations/ImageOutline.md)

ImageOutline type specifying style of outline on images. If unspecified, default is Solid.

***

### imageShapeStyle?

> `optional` **imageShapeStyle**: [`ImageShapeStyle`](../enumerations/ImageShapeStyle.md)

ImageShapeStyle type specifying shape of image. If unspecified, default is Auto.

***

### type

> **type**: [`String`](../enumerations/ValueType.md#string)

Identifies this schema as a string.

#### Inherited from

`BaseStringSchema.type`

***

### width?

> `optional` **width**: `string` \| `number`

How wide to render the image (supports number or formula). Use 0 for default.
