---
title: "Interface: OptionalParamDef"
nav: OptionalParamDef
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: OptionalParamDef\<T\>

Marker type for an optional [ParamDef](ParamDef.md), used internally.

## Extends

- [`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md)\<`T`\>

## Type Parameters

| Type Parameter |
| ------ |
| `T` *extends* `UnionType` |

## Properties

### autocomplete?

> `optional` **autocomplete**: [`MetadataFormula`](../type-aliases/MetadataFormula.md)

A [MetadataFormula](../type-aliases/MetadataFormula.md) that returns valid values for this parameter, optionally matching a search
query. This can be useful both if there are a fixed number of valid values for the parameter,
or if the valid values from the parameter can be looked up from some API.
Use [makeMetadataFormula](../functions/makeMetadataFormula.md) to wrap a function that implements your autocomplete logic.
Typically once you have fetched the list of matching values, you'll use
[autocompleteSearchObjects](../functions/autocompleteSearchObjects.md) to handle searching over those values.
If you have a hardcoded list of valid values, you would only need to use
[makeSimpleAutocompleteMetadataFormula](../functions/makeSimpleAutocompleteMetadataFormula.md).

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`autocomplete`](ParamDef.md#autocomplete)

***

### crawlStrategy?

> `optional` **crawlStrategy**: [`CrawlStrategy`](CrawlStrategy.md)

Enables crawling for this parameter, where it's values are populated from the results of another sync table.
Crawling can simplify the user setup when a sync table has a required parameter that can be sourced from another
sync.

Crawling is only implemented for sync tables and only during indexing in Superhuman Go.

#### Example

```ts
makeParameter({
  type: ParameterType.String,
  name: "project",
  description: "The ID of the project containing the tasks."",
  // Use the project IDs that come from the ID column in the Projects table.
  crawlStrategy: {
    parentTable: {
      tableName: "Projects",
      propertyKey: "id",
    },
  },
}),
```

#### See

[Crawling guide]({{ config.site_url }}agents/indexing/crawling/)

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`crawlStrategy`](ParamDef.md#crawlstrategy)

***

### ~~defaultValue?~~

> `optional` **defaultValue**: [`SuggestedValueType`](../type-aliases/SuggestedValueType.md)\<`T`\>

#### Deprecated

This will be removed in a future version of the SDK. Use [ParamDef.suggestedValue](ParamDef.md#suggestedvalue) instead.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`defaultValue`](ParamDef.md#defaultvalue)

***

### description

> **description**: `string`

A brief description of what this parameter is used for, shown to the user when invoking the formula.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`description`](ParamDef.md#description)

***

### ingestionSuggestedValue?

> `optional` **ingestionSuggestedValue**: [`SuggestedValueType`](../type-aliases/SuggestedValueType.md)\<`T`\>

The suggested value to be prepopulated for this parameter when used in an ingestion (sync table indexing).
This value overrides [ParamDef.suggestedValue](ParamDef.md#suggestedvalue) if set.

Useful in situations where the existing suggested value is used to scope down the synced data to what would fit
within Coda's row limits, but during indexing you'd want to include a larger scope of data.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`ingestionSuggestedValue`](ParamDef.md#ingestionsuggestedvalue)

***

### instructions?

> `optional` **instructions**: `string`

Instructions for LLMs on how to use this parameter, overrides the description for LLMs if set.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`instructions`](ParamDef.md#instructions)

***

### name

> **name**: `string`

The name of the parameter, which will be shown to the user when invoking this formula.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`name`](ParamDef.md#name)

***

### optional

> **optional**: `true`

Whether this parameter can be omitted when invoking the formula.
All optional parameters must come after all non-optional parameters.

#### Overrides

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`optional`](ParamDef.md#optional)

***

### suggestedValue?

> `optional` **suggestedValue**: [`SuggestedValueType`](../type-aliases/SuggestedValueType.md)\<`T`\>

The suggested value to be prepopulated for this parameter if it is not specified by the user.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`suggestedValue`](ParamDef.md#suggestedvalue)

***

### supportsIncrementalSync?

> `optional` **supportsIncrementalSync**: `boolean`

Whether this parameter is compatible with incremental sync.
If not, it will be hidden from agent setup UI.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`supportsIncrementalSync`](ParamDef.md#supportsincrementalsync)

***

### type

> **type**: `T`

The data type of this parameter (string, number, etc).

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`type`](ParamDef.md#type)
