---
title: "Interface: PackVersionDefinition"
nav: PackVersionDefinition
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: PackVersionDefinition

The definition of the contents of a Pack at a specific version. This is the
heart of the implementation of a Pack.

## Extended by

- [`PackDefinition`](PackDefinition.md)

## Properties

### defaultAuthentication?

> `optional` **defaultAuthentication**: [`Authentication`](../type-aliases/Authentication.md)

If specified, the user must provide personal authentication credentials before using the pack.

***

### formats?

> `optional` **formats**: [`Format`](Format.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's column formats. See [Format](Format.md).

***

### ~~formulaNamespace?~~

> `optional` **formulaNamespace**: `string`

#### Deprecated

***

### formulas?

> `optional` **formulas**: [`Formula`](../type-aliases/Formula.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's formulas. See [Formula](../type-aliases/Formula.md).

Note that button actions are also defined here. Buttons are simply formulas
with `isAction: true`.

***

### networkDomains?

> `optional` **networkDomains**: `string`[]

Any domain(s) to which this pack makes fetcher requests. The domains this pack connects to must be
declared up front here, both to clearly communicate to users what a pack is capable of connecting to,
and for security reasons. These network domains are enforced at execution time: any fetcher request
to a domain not listed here will be rejected.

Only one network domain is allowed by default. If your pack has needs to connect to multiple domains
contact Coda support for approval.

***

### skills?

> `optional` **skills**: [`Skill`](Skill.md)[]

Definitions of skills that can be executed within this pack.

***

### syncTables?

> `optional` **syncTables**: [`SyncTable`](../type-aliases/SyncTable.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's sync tables. See [SyncTable](../type-aliases/SyncTable.md).

***

### systemConnectionAuthentication?

> `optional` **systemConnectionAuthentication**: [`SystemAuthentication`](../type-aliases/SystemAuthentication.md)

If specified, this pack requires system credentials to be set up via Coda's admin console in order to work when no
explicit connection is specified by the user.

***

### version

> **version**: `string`

The semantic version of the pack. This must be valid semantic version of the form `1`, `1.2`, or `1.2.3`.
When uploading a pack version, the semantic version must be greater than any previously uploaded version.
