---
title: "Interface: PropertyOptionsExecutionContext"
nav: PropertyOptionsExecutionContext
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: PropertyOptionsExecutionContext

Sub-class of [SyncExecutionContext](SyncExecutionContext.md) that is passed to the `options` function of
mutable sync tables for properties with `options` enabled.

## Extends

- [`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md)

## Properties

### endpoint?

> `readonly` `optional` **endpoint**: `string`

The base endpoint URL for the user's account, only if applicable. See
[core.BaseAuthentication.requiresEndpointUrl](BaseAuthentication.md#requiresendpointurl).

If the API URLs are variable based on the user account, you will need this endpoint
to construct URLs to use with the fetcher. Alternatively, you can use relative URLs
(e.g. "/api/entity") and Coda will include the endpoint for you automatically.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`endpoint`](SyncExecutionContext.md#endpoint)

***

### fetcher

> `readonly` **fetcher**: [`Fetcher`](Fetcher.md)

The [core.Fetcher](Fetcher.md) used for making HTTP requests.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`fetcher`](SyncExecutionContext.md#fetcher)

***

### invocationLocation

> `readonly` **invocationLocation**: [`InvocationLocation`](InvocationLocation.md)

Information about the Coda environment and doc this formula was invoked from.
This is mostly for Coda internal use and we do not recommend relying on it.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`invocationLocation`](SyncExecutionContext.md#invocationlocation)

***

### invocationToken

> `readonly` **invocationToken**: `string`

A random token scoped to only this request invocation.
This is a unique identifier for the invocation, and in particular used with
[core.AuthenticationType.Custom](../enumerations/AuthenticationType.md#custom) for naming template parameters that will be
replaced by the fetcher in secure way.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`invocationToken`](SyncExecutionContext.md#invocationtoken)

***

### previousAttemptError?

> `readonly` `optional` **previousAttemptError**: [`InvocationError`](../type-aliases/InvocationError.md)

If this invocation is a retry, this will be populated with information about what went wrong during the previous
attempt. If an error occurs while indexing a sync table, it will retried again later. This field is only applicable
for sync tables used within Superhuman Go agents.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`previousAttemptError`](SyncExecutionContext.md#previousattempterror)

***

### propertyName

> `readonly` **propertyName**: `string`

Which property is being edited.

***

### propertySchema

> `readonly` **propertySchema**: [`Schema`](../type-aliases/Schema.md) & [`ObjectSchemaProperty`](ObjectSchemaProperty.md)

Schema of the property being edited. See [Schema](../type-aliases/Schema.md).

***

### propertyValues

> `readonly` **propertyValues**: `object`

Current values of other properties from the same row. Non-required properties may be missing
if the doc owner elected not to sync them, or if they have a type that's not yet supported
for options context. Properties referencing other sync tables may be missing some or
all of their sub-properties if the reference is broken because the other table is not
added to the doc or hasn't synced the referenced row.

#### Index Signature

\[`propertyValues`: `string`\]: `any`

***

### search

> `readonly` **search**: `string`

What the user typed. For example, they may have type "Ja" while searching for a user named
"Jane".

***

### sync

> `readonly` **sync**: [`Sync`](../type-aliases/Sync.md)\<[`Continuation`](Continuation.md), [`Continuation`](Continuation.md), [`Continuation`](Continuation.md)\>

Information about state of the current sync.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`sync`](SyncExecutionContext.md#sync)

***

### temporaryBlobStorage

> `readonly` **temporaryBlobStorage**: [`TemporaryBlobStorage`](TemporaryBlobStorage.md)

A utility to fetch and store files and images that either require the pack user's authentication
or are too large to return inline. See [core.TemporaryBlobStorage](TemporaryBlobStorage.md).

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`temporaryBlobStorage`](SyncExecutionContext.md#temporaryblobstorage)

***

### timezone

> `readonly` **timezone**: `string`

The timezone of the doc from which this formula was invoked.

#### Inherited from

[`SyncExecutionContext`](SyncExecutionContext.md).[`timezone`](SyncExecutionContext.md#timezone)
