---
title: "Interface: RequiredParamDef"
nav: RequiredParamDef
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: RequiredParamDef\<T\>

Marker type for a Required [ParamDef](ParamDef.md), used internally.

## Extends

- [`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md)\<`T`\>

## Type Parameters

| Type Parameter |
| ------ |
| `T` *extends* `UnionType` |

## Properties

### autocomplete?

> `optional` **autocomplete**: [`MetadataFormula`](../type-aliases/MetadataFormula.md)

A [MetadataFormula](../type-aliases/MetadataFormula.md) that returns valid values for this parameter, optionally matching a search
query. This can be useful both if there are a fixed number of valid values for the parameter,
or if the valid values from the parameter can be looked up from some API.
Use [makeMetadataFormula](../functions/makeMetadataFormula.md) to wrap a function that implements your autocomplete logic.
Typically once you have fetched the list of matching values, you'll use
[autocompleteSearchObjects](../functions/autocompleteSearchObjects.md) to handle searching over those values.
If you have a hardcoded list of valid values, you would only need to use
[makeSimpleAutocompleteMetadataFormula](../functions/makeSimpleAutocompleteMetadataFormula.md).

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`autocomplete`](ParamDef.md#autocomplete)

***

### ~~defaultValue?~~

> `optional` **defaultValue**: [`SuggestedValueType`](../type-aliases/SuggestedValueType.md)\<`T`\>

#### Deprecated

This will be removed in a future version of the SDK. Use [ParamDef.suggestedValue](ParamDef.md#suggestedvalue) instead.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`defaultValue`](ParamDef.md#defaultvalue)

***

### description

> **description**: `string`

A brief description of what this parameter is used for, shown to the user when invoking the formula.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`description`](ParamDef.md#description)

***

### instructions?

> `optional` **instructions**: `string`

Instructions for LLMs on how to use this parameter, overrides the description for LLMs if set.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`instructions`](ParamDef.md#instructions)

***

### name

> **name**: `string`

The name of the parameter, which will be shown to the user when invoking this formula.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`name`](ParamDef.md#name)

***

### optional?

> `optional` **optional**: `false`

Whether this parameter can be omitted when invoking the formula.
All optional parameters must come after all non-optional parameters.

#### Overrides

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`optional`](ParamDef.md#optional)

***

### suggestedValue?

> `optional` **suggestedValue**: [`SuggestedValueType`](../type-aliases/SuggestedValueType.md)\<`T`\>

The suggested value to be prepopulated for this parameter if it is not specified by the user.

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`suggestedValue`](ParamDef.md#suggestedvalue)

***

### type

> **type**: `T`

The data type of this parameter (string, number, etc).

#### Inherited from

[`ParamDef`](ParamDef.md).[`type`](ParamDef.md#type)
