---
title: "Interface: StringDateTimeSchema"
nav: StringDateTimeSchema
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: StringDateTimeSchema

A schema representing a return value or object property that is provided as a string,
which Coda should interpret as a datetime. Coda is able to flexibly a parse number of formal
and informal string representations of dates. For maximum accuracy, consider using an
ISO 8601 datetime string (e.g. 2021-11-03T19:43:58): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601.

## Extends

- `BaseStringSchema`\<[`DateTime`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#datetime)\>

## Properties

### codaType

> **codaType**: [`DateTime`](../enumerations/ValueHintType.md#datetime)

Instructs Coda to render this value as a date.

#### Overrides

`BaseStringSchema.codaType`

***

### dateFormat?

> `optional` **dateFormat**: `string`

A Moment date format string, such as 'MMM D, YYYY', that corresponds to a supported Coda date column format,
used when rendering the value.

Only applies when this is used as a sync table property.

***

### description?

> `optional` **description**: `string`

A explanation of this object schema property shown to the user in the UI.

If your pack has an object schema with many properties, it may be useful to
explain the purpose or contents of any property that is not self-evident.

#### Inherited from

`BaseStringSchema.description`

***

### timeFormat?

> `optional` **timeFormat**: `string`

A Moment time format string, such as 'HH:mm:ss', that corresponds to a supported Coda time column format,
used when rendering the value.

Only applies when this is used as a sync table property.

***

### type

> **type**: [`String`](../enumerations/ValueType.md#string)

Identifies this schema as a string.

#### Inherited from

`BaseStringSchema.type`
