---
title: "Interface: UpdateSyncExecutionContext"
nav: UpdateSyncExecutionContext
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: UpdateSyncExecutionContext

An object passed to the `execute` function of every formula invocation
with information and utilities for handling the invocation. In particular,
this contains the [core.Fetcher](Fetcher.md), which is used for making HTTP requests.

## Extends

- [`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md)

## Properties

### endpoint?

> `readonly` `optional` **endpoint**: `string`

The base endpoint URL for the user's account, only if applicable. See
[core.BaseAuthentication.requiresEndpointUrl](BaseAuthentication.md#requiresendpointurl).

If the API URLs are variable based on the user account, you will need this endpoint
to construct URLs to use with the fetcher. Alternatively, you can use relative URLs
(e.g. "/api/entity") and Coda will include the endpoint for you automatically.

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`endpoint`](ExecutionContext.md#endpoint)

***

### fetcher

> `readonly` **fetcher**: [`Fetcher`](Fetcher.md)

The [core.Fetcher](Fetcher.md) used for making HTTP requests.

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`fetcher`](ExecutionContext.md#fetcher)

***

### invocationLocation

> `readonly` **invocationLocation**: [`InvocationLocation`](InvocationLocation.md)

Information about the Coda environment and doc this formula was invoked from.
This is mostly for Coda internal use and we do not recommend relying on it.

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`invocationLocation`](ExecutionContext.md#invocationlocation)

***

### invocationToken

> `readonly` **invocationToken**: `string`

A random token scoped to only this request invocation.
This is a unique identifier for the invocation, and in particular used with
[core.AuthenticationType.Custom](../enumerations/AuthenticationType.md#custom) for naming template parameters that will be
replaced by the fetcher in secure way.

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`invocationToken`](ExecutionContext.md#invocationtoken)

***

### sync

> `readonly` **sync**: [`UpdateSync`](UpdateSync.md)

Information about state of the current sync.

#### Overrides

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`sync`](ExecutionContext.md#sync)

***

### temporaryBlobStorage

> `readonly` **temporaryBlobStorage**: [`TemporaryBlobStorage`](TemporaryBlobStorage.md)

A utility to fetch and store files and images that either require the pack user's authentication
or are too large to return inline. See [core.TemporaryBlobStorage](TemporaryBlobStorage.md).

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`temporaryBlobStorage`](ExecutionContext.md#temporaryblobstorage)

***

### timezone

> `readonly` **timezone**: `string`

The timezone of the doc from which this formula was invoked.

#### Inherited from

[`ExecutionContext`](ExecutionContext.md).[`timezone`](ExecutionContext.md#timezone)
