---
nav: "ValueHintType"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Enumeration: ValueHintType

[core](../modules/core.md).ValueHintType

Synthetic types that instruct Coda how to coerce values from primitives at ingestion time.

## Enumeration Members

### Attachment

• **Attachment** = ``"attachment"``

Indicates to interpret and render a value as a file attachment. The provided value should be a URL
pointing to a file of a Coda-supported type. Coda will ingest the file and host it from Coda infrastructure.

___

### Currency

• **Currency** = ``"currency"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a currency value.

___

### Date

• **Date** = ``"date"``

Indicates to interpret the value as a date (e.g. March 3, 2021).

___

### DateTime

• **DateTime** = ``"datetime"``

Indicates to interpret the value as a datetime (e.g. March 3, 2021 at 5:24pm).

___

### Duration

• **Duration** = ``"duration"``

Indicates to interpret the value as a duration (e.g. 3 hours).

___

### Email

• **Email** = ``"email"``

Indicates to interpret the value as an email address (e.g. joe@foo.com).

___

### Embed

• **Embed** = ``"embed"``

Indicates to interpret and render a value as an embed. The provided value should be a URL pointing
to an embeddable web page.

___

### Html

• **Html** = ``"html"``

Indicates to interpret a text value as HTML, which will be converted and rendered as Coda rich text.

___

### ImageAttachment

• **ImageAttachment** = ``"imageAttachment"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as an image. The provided value should be a URL that
points to an image. Coda will ingest the image and host it from Coda infrastructure.

___

### ImageReference

• **ImageReference** = ``"image"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as an image. The provided value should be a URL that
points to an image. Coda will hotlink to the image when rendering it a doc.

Using [ImageAttachment](core.ValueHintType.md#imageattachment) is recommended instead, so that the image is always accessible
and won't appear as broken if the source image is later deleted.

___

### Markdown

• **Markdown** = ``"markdown"``

Indicates to interpret a text value as Markdown, which will be converted and rendered as Coda rich text.

___

### Percent

• **Percent** = ``"percent"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a percentage.

___

### Person

• **Person** = ``"person"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a Coda person reference. The provided value should be
an object whose `id` property is an email address, which Coda will try to resolve to a user
and render an @-reference to the user.

**`Example`**

```
makeObjectSchema({
  type: ValueType.Object,
  codaType: ValueHintType.Person,
  id: 'email',
  primary: 'name',
  properties: {
    email: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
    name: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
  },
});
```

___

### ProgressBar

• **ProgressBar** = ``"progressBar"``

Indicates to render a numeric value as a progress bar UI component.

___

### Reference

• **Reference** = ``"reference"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a Coda @-reference to a table row. The provided value should
be an object whose `id` value matches the id of some row in a sync table. The schema where this hint type is
used must specify an identity that specifies the desired sync table.

Normally a reference schema is constructed from the schema object being referenced using the helper
[makeReferenceSchemaFromObjectSchema](../functions/core.makeReferenceSchemaFromObjectSchema.md).

**`Example`**

```
makeObjectSchema({
  type: ValueType.Object,
  codaType: ValueHintType.Reference,
  identity: {
    name: "SomeSyncTableIdentity"
  },
  id: 'identifier',
  primary: 'name',
  properties: {
    identifier: {type: ValueType.Number, required: true},
    name: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
  },
});
```

___

### Scale

• **Scale** = ``"scale"``

Indicates to render a numeric value as a scale UI component (e.g. a star rating).

___

### SelectList

• **SelectList** = ``"selectList"``

___

### Slider

• **Slider** = ``"slider"``

Indicates to render a numeric value as a slider UI component.

___

### Time

• **Time** = ``"time"``

Indicates to interpret the value as a time (e.g. 5:24pm).

___

### Toggle

• **Toggle** = ``"toggle"``

Indicates to render a boolean value as a toggle.

___

### Url

• **Url** = ``"url"``

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a URL link.
