---
nav: "DurationSchema"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: DurationSchema

[core](../modules/core.md).DurationSchema

A schema representing a return value or object property that represents a duration. The value
should be provided as a string like "3 days" or "40 minutes 30 seconds".

## Hierarchy

- `BaseStringSchema`<[`Duration`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#duration)\>

  ↳ **`DurationSchema`**

## Properties

### codaType

• `Optional` **codaType**: [`Duration`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#duration)

An optional type hint instructing Coda about how to interpret or render this value.

#### Inherited from

BaseStringSchema.codaType

___

### description

• `Optional` **description**: `string`

A explanation of this object schema property shown to the user in the UI.

If your pack has an object schema with many properties, it may be useful to
explain the purpose or contents of any property that is not self-evident.

#### Inherited from

BaseStringSchema.description

___

### fixedId

• `Optional` **fixedId**: `string`

Optional fixed id for this property, used to support renames of properties over time. If specified,
changes to the name of this property will not cause the property to be treated as a new property.

#### Inherited from

BaseStringSchema.fixedId

___

### maxUnit

• `Optional` **maxUnit**: [`DurationUnit`](../enums/core.DurationUnit.md)

The unit to use for rounding the duration when rendering. For example, if using `DurationUnit.Days`,
and a value of "3 days 4 hours" is provided, it will be rendered as "3 days".

___

### precision

• `Optional` **precision**: `number`

A refinement of [maxUnit](core.DurationSchema.md#maxunit) to use for rounding the duration when rendering.
Currently only `1` is supported, which is the same as omitting a value.

___

### type

• **type**: [`String`](../enums/core.ValueType.md#string)

Identifies this schema as a string.

#### Inherited from

BaseStringSchema.type
