---
nav: "SyncExecutionContext"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: SyncExecutionContext<SyncContinuationT, IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT, IncrementalSyncContinuationT\>

[core](../modules/core.md).SyncExecutionContext

Sub-class of [ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md) that is passed to the `execute` function of every
sync formula invocation. The only different is that the presence of the `sync` property

## Type parameters

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `SyncContinuationT` | [`Continuation`](core.Continuation.md) |
| `IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT` | `SyncContinuationT` |
| `IncrementalSyncContinuationT` | `SyncContinuationT` |

## Hierarchy

- [`ExecutionContext`](core.ExecutionContext.md)

  ↳ **`SyncExecutionContext`**

  ↳↳ [`PropertyOptionsExecutionContext`](core.PropertyOptionsExecutionContext.md)

## Properties

### agentWaitWebhookUrl

• `Optional` `Readonly` **agentWaitWebhookUrl**: `string`

For agent-based formulas that execute when the Wait tool has been added to the agent skill, this will be populated
with the webhook URL that can be used by the third party API to signal that the wait condition has been met.
Payloads sent to this URL will be made available to the agent loop.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[agentWaitWebhookUrl](core.ExecutionContext.md#agentwaitwebhookurl)

___

### endpoint

• `Optional` `Readonly` **endpoint**: `string`

The base endpoint URL for the user's account, only if applicable. See
[requiresEndpointUrl](core.BaseAuthentication.md#requiresendpointurl).

If the API URLs are variable based on the user account, you will need this endpoint
to construct URLs to use with the fetcher. Alternatively, you can use relative URLs
(e.g. "/api/entity") and Coda will include the endpoint for you automatically.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[endpoint](core.ExecutionContext.md#endpoint)

___

### fetcher

• `Readonly` **fetcher**: [`Fetcher`](core.Fetcher.md)

The [Fetcher](core.Fetcher.md) used for making HTTP requests.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[fetcher](core.ExecutionContext.md#fetcher)

___

### invocationLocation

• `Readonly` **invocationLocation**: [`InvocationLocation`](core.InvocationLocation.md)

Information about the Coda environment and doc this formula was invoked from.
This is mostly for Coda internal use and we do not recommend relying on it.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[invocationLocation](core.ExecutionContext.md#invocationlocation)

___

### invocationToken

• `Readonly` **invocationToken**: `string`

A random token scoped to only this request invocation.
This is a unique identifier for the invocation, and in particular used with
[Custom](../enums/core.AuthenticationType.md#custom) for naming template parameters that will be
replaced by the fetcher in secure way.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[invocationToken](core.ExecutionContext.md#invocationtoken)

___

### sync

• `Readonly` **sync**: [`Sync`](../types/core.Sync.md)<`SyncContinuationT`, `IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT`, `IncrementalSyncContinuationT`\>

Information about state of the current sync.

#### Overrides

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[sync](core.ExecutionContext.md#sync)

___

### temporaryBlobStorage

• `Readonly` **temporaryBlobStorage**: [`TemporaryBlobStorage`](core.TemporaryBlobStorage.md)

A utility to fetch and store files and images that either require the pack user's authentication
or are too large to return inline. See [TemporaryBlobStorage](core.TemporaryBlobStorage.md).

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[temporaryBlobStorage](core.ExecutionContext.md#temporaryblobstorage)

___

### timezone

• `Readonly` **timezone**: `string`

The timezone of the doc from which this formula was invoked.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[timezone](core.ExecutionContext.md#timezone)
