---
nav: "CurrencySchema"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: CurrencySchema

[core](../modules/core.md).CurrencySchema

A schema representing a return value or object property that is an amount of currency.

## Hierarchy

- `BaseNumberSchema`<[`Currency`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#currency)\>

  ↳ **`CurrencySchema`**

## Properties

### codaType

• **codaType**: [`Currency`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#currency)

Instructs Coda to render this value as a currency amount.

#### Overrides

BaseNumberSchema.codaType

___

### currencyCode

• `Optional` **currencyCode**: `string`

A three-letter ISO 4217 currency code, e.g. USD or EUR.
If the currency code is not supported by Coda, the value will be rendered using USD.

___

### description

• `Optional` **description**: `string`

A explanation of this object schema property shown to the user in the UI.

If your pack has an object schema with many properties, it may be useful to
explain the purpose or contents of any property that is not self-evident.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.description

___

### fixedId

• `Optional` **fixedId**: `string`

Optional fixed id for this property, used to support renames of properties over time. If specified,
changes to the name of this property will not cause the property to be treated as a new property.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.fixedId

___

### format

• `Optional` **format**: [`CurrencyFormat`](../enums/core.CurrencyFormat.md)

A render format for further refining how the value is rendered.

___

### precision

• `Optional` **precision**: `number`

The decimal precision. The value is rounded to this precision when rendered.

___

### type

• **type**: [`Number`](../enums/core.ValueType.md#number)

Identifies this schema as relating to a number value.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.type
