---
nav: "SyncFormulaResult"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: SyncFormulaResult<K, L, SchemaT, ContextT, PassthroughT\>

[core](../modules/core.md).SyncFormulaResult

The return value from the formula that implements a sync table. Each sync formula invocation
returns one reasonable size page of results. The formula may also return a continuation, indicating
that the sync formula should be invoked again to get a next page of results. Sync functions
are called repeatedly until there is no continuation returned.

## Type parameters

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `K` | extends `string` |
| `L` | extends `string` |
| `SchemaT` | extends [`ObjectSchemaDefinition`](core.ObjectSchemaDefinition.md)<`K`, `L`\> |
| `ContextT` | extends [`SyncExecutionContext`](core.SyncExecutionContext.md)<`any`\> = [`SyncExecutionContext`](core.SyncExecutionContext.md) |
| `PassthroughT` | extends [`SyncPassthroughData`](../types/core.SyncPassthroughData.md) = [`SyncPassthroughData`](../types/core.SyncPassthroughData.md) |

## Properties

### continuation

• `Optional` **continuation**: `ContextT`[``"sync"``][``"continuation"``]

A marker indicating where the next sync formula invocation should pick up to get the next page of results.
The contents of this object are entirely of your choosing. Sync formulas are called repeatedly
until there is no continuation returned.

___

### passthroughData

• `Optional` **passthroughData**: `PassthroughT`[]

Additional side data to pass through to `executeGetPermissions`. Because each result item
is also passed through, this is only needed for cases where you have data that doesn't need
to be part of the result item but is nonetheless useful for fetching permissions, for example,
the API requests to get item data may include permissions inline, so there is no need to
re-fetch permission data if you can just pass it through.

This array must be the same length as the `result` array.

___

### result

• **result**: `ObjectSchemaDefinitionType`<`K`, `L`, `SchemaT`\>[]

The list of rows from this page.
