---
nav: "PackVersionDefinition"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: PackVersionDefinition

[core](../modules/core.md).PackVersionDefinition

The definition of the contents of a Pack at a specific version. This is the
heart of the implementation of a Pack.

## Hierarchy

- **`PackVersionDefinition`**

  ↳ [`PackDefinition`](core.PackDefinition.md)

## Properties

### defaultAuthentication

• `Optional` **defaultAuthentication**: [`Authentication`](../types/core.Authentication.md)

If specified, the user must provide personal authentication credentials before using the pack.

___

### formats

• `Optional` **formats**: [`Format`](core.Format.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's column formats. See [Format](core.Format.md).

___

### formulaNamespace

• `Optional` **formulaNamespace**: `string`

**`Deprecated`**

___

### formulas

• `Optional` **formulas**: [`Formula`](../types/core.Formula.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's formulas. See [Formula](../types/core.Formula.md).

Note that button actions are also defined here. Buttons are simply formulas
with `isAction: true`.

___

### networkDomains

• `Optional` **networkDomains**: `string`[]

Any domain(s) to which this pack makes fetcher requests. The domains this pack connects to must be
declared up front here, both to clearly communicate to users what a pack is capable of connecting to,
and for security reasons. These network domains are enforced at execution time: any fetcher request
to a domain not listed here will be rejected.

Only one network domain is allowed by default. If your pack has needs to connect to multiple domains
contact Coda support for approval.

___

### syncTables

• `Optional` **syncTables**: [`SyncTable`](../types/core.SyncTable.md)[]

Definitions of this pack's sync tables. See [SyncTable](../types/core.SyncTable.md).

___

### systemConnectionAuthentication

• `Optional` **systemConnectionAuthentication**: [`SystemAuthentication`](../types/core.SystemAuthentication.md)

If specified, this pack requires system credentials to be set up via Coda's admin console in order to work when no
explicit connection is specified by the user.

___

### systemPrompt

• `Optional` **systemPrompt**: `string`

The system prompt to use for the pack.

___

### version

• **version**: `string`

The semantic version of the pack. This must be valid semantic version of the form `1`, `1.2`, or `1.2.3`.
When uploading a pack version, the semantic version must be greater than any previously uploaded version.
