---
nav: "SliderSchema"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: SliderSchema

[core](../modules/core.md).SliderSchema

A schema representing a return value or object property that is a number that should
be rendered as a slider.

## Hierarchy

- `BaseNumberSchema`<[`Slider`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#slider)\>

  ↳ **`SliderSchema`**

## Properties

### codaType

• **codaType**: [`Slider`](../enums/core.ValueHintType.md#slider)

Instructs Coda to render this value as a slider.

#### Overrides

BaseNumberSchema.codaType

___

### description

• `Optional` **description**: `string`

A explanation of this object schema property shown to the user in the UI.

If your pack has an object schema with many properties, it may be useful to
explain the purpose or contents of any property that is not self-evident.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.description

___

### fixedId

• `Optional` **fixedId**: `string`

Optional fixed id for this property, used to support renames of properties over time. If specified,
changes to the name of this property will not cause the property to be treated as a new property.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.fixedId

___

### maximum

• `Optional` **maximum**: `string` \| `number`

The maximum value selectable by this slider.

___

### minimum

• `Optional` **minimum**: `string` \| `number`

The minimum value selectable by this slider.

___

### showValue

• `Optional` **showValue**: `boolean`

Whether to display the underlying numeric value in addition to the slider.

___

### step

• `Optional` **step**: `string` \| `number`

The minimum amount the slider can be moved when dragged.

___

### type

• **type**: [`Number`](../enums/core.ValueType.md#number)

Identifies this schema as relating to a number value.

#### Inherited from

BaseNumberSchema.type
