---
nav: "MockExecutionContext"
note: "This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then run `make docs` to regenerate this file."
search:
  boost: 0.1
---
# Interface: MockExecutionContext

[testing](../modules/testing.md).MockExecutionContext

An object passed to the `execute` function of every formula invocation
with information and utilities for handling the invocation. In particular,
this contains the [Fetcher](core.Fetcher.md), which is used for making HTTP requests.

## Hierarchy

- [`ExecutionContext`](core.ExecutionContext.md)

  ↳ **`MockExecutionContext`**

  ↳↳ [`MockSyncExecutionContext`](testing.MockSyncExecutionContext.md)

## Properties

### endpoint

• `Optional` `Readonly` **endpoint**: `string`

The base endpoint URL for the user's account, only if applicable. See
[requiresEndpointUrl](core.BaseAuthentication.md#requiresendpointurl).

If the API URLs are variable based on the user account, you will need this endpoint
to construct URLs to use with the fetcher. Alternatively, you can use relative URLs
(e.g. "/api/entity") and Coda will include the endpoint for you automatically.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[endpoint](core.ExecutionContext.md#endpoint)

___

### fetcher

• **fetcher**: `Object`

The [Fetcher](core.Fetcher.md) used for making HTTP requests.

#### Type declaration

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `fetch` | `SinonStub`<[request: FetchRequest], `Promise`<[`FetchResponse`](core.FetchResponse.md)<`any`\>\>\> |

#### Overrides

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[fetcher](core.ExecutionContext.md#fetcher)

___

### invocationLocation

• `Readonly` **invocationLocation**: [`InvocationLocation`](core.InvocationLocation.md)

Information about the Coda environment and doc this formula was invoked from.
This is mostly for Coda internal use and we do not recommend relying on it.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[invocationLocation](core.ExecutionContext.md#invocationlocation)

___

### invocationToken

• `Readonly` **invocationToken**: `string`

A random token scoped to only this request invocation.
This is a unique identifier for the invocation, and in particular used with
[Custom](../enums/core.AuthenticationType.md#custom) for naming template parameters that will be
replaced by the fetcher in secure way.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[invocationToken](core.ExecutionContext.md#invocationtoken)

___

### sync

• `Optional` `Readonly` **sync**: [`Sync`](core.Sync.md)<`unknown`, `unknown`\>

Information about state of the current sync. Only populated if this is a sync table formula.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[sync](core.ExecutionContext.md#sync)

___

### temporaryBlobStorage

• **temporaryBlobStorage**: `Object`

A utility to fetch and store files and images that either require the pack user's authentication
or are too large to return inline. See [TemporaryBlobStorage](core.TemporaryBlobStorage.md).

#### Type declaration

| Name | Type |
| :------ | :------ |
| `storeBlob` | `SinonStub`<[blobData: Buffer, contentType: string, opts?: Object], `Promise`<`string`\>\> |
| `storeUrl` | `SinonStub`<[url: string, opts?: Object, fetchOpts?: Pick<FetchRequest, "headers" \| "cacheTtlSecs" \| "disableAuthentication"\>], `Promise`<`string`\>\> |

#### Overrides

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[temporaryBlobStorage](core.ExecutionContext.md#temporaryblobstorage)

___

### timezone

• `Readonly` **timezone**: `string`

The timezone of the doc from which this formula was invoked.

#### Inherited from

[ExecutionContext](core.ExecutionContext.md).[timezone](core.ExecutionContext.md#timezone)
