---
title: "Enumeration: ParameterType"
nav: ParameterType
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Enumeration: ParameterType

Enumeration of types of formula parameters. These describe Coda value types (as opposed to JavaScript value types).

## Enumeration Members

### Boolean

> **Boolean**: `"boolean"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda boolean value.

***

### BooleanArray

> **BooleanArray**: `"booleanArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda boolean values.

***

### Date

> **Date**: `"date"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda date value (which includes time and datetime values).

***

### DateArray

> **DateArray**: `"dateArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda date values (which includes time and datetime values).

Currently, when such a parameter is used with a sync table formula or an action formula
([BaseFormulaDef.isAction](../interfaces/BaseFormulaDef.md#isaction)), which will generate a builder UI for selecting parameters, a date array
parameter will always render as a date range selector. A date range will always be passed to a pack formula
as a list of two elements, the beginning of the range and the end of the range.

***

### Email

> **Email**: `"email"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda email value.

***

### EmailArray

> **EmailArray**: `"emailArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda email values.

***

### File

> **File**: `"file"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda file. The pack is passed a file URL.

***

### FileArray

> **FileArray**: `"fileArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda file values. The pack is passed a list of file URLs.

***

### Html

> **Html**: `"html"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda rich text value that should be passed to the pack as HTML.

***

### HtmlArray

> **HtmlArray**: `` "htmlArray`" ``

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda rich text values that should be passed to the pack as HTML.

***

### Image

> **Image**: `"image"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda image. The pack is passed an image URL.

***

### ImageArray

> **ImageArray**: `"imageArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda image values. The pack is passed a list of image URLs.

***

### Markdown

> **Markdown**: `"markdown"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda rich text value that should be passed to the pack as Markdown.

***

### MarkdownArray

> **MarkdownArray**: `` "markdownArray`" ``

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda rich text values that should be passed to the pack as Markdown.

***

### Number

> **Number**: `"number"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda number value.

***

### NumberArray

> **NumberArray**: `"numberArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda number values.

***

### SparseBooleanArray

> **SparseBooleanArray**: `"sparseBooleanArray"`

[BooleanArray](#booleanarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseDateArray

> **SparseDateArray**: `"sparseDateArray"`

[DateArray](#datearray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseEmailArray

> **SparseEmailArray**: `"sparseEmailArray"`

[EmailArray](#emailarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseFileArray

> **SparseFileArray**: `"sparseFileArray"`

[FileArray](#filearray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseHtmlArray

> **SparseHtmlArray**: `"sparseHtmlArray"`

[HtmlArray](#htmlarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseImageArray

> **SparseImageArray**: `"sparseImageArray"`

[ImageArray](#imagearray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseMarkdownArray

> **SparseMarkdownArray**: `"sparseMarkdownArray"`

[MarkdownArray](#markdownarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseNumberArray

> **SparseNumberArray**: `"sparseNumberArray"`

[NumberArray](#numberarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### SparseStringArray

> **SparseStringArray**: `"sparseStringArray"`

[StringArray](#stringarray) that accepts unparsable values as `undefined`.

***

### String

> **String**: `"string"`

Indicates a parameter that is a Coda text value.

***

### StringArray

> **StringArray**: `"stringArray"`

Indicates a parameter that is a list of Coda text values.
