---
title: "Enumeration: ValueHintType"
nav: ValueHintType
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Enumeration: ValueHintType

Synthetic types that instruct Coda how to coerce values from primitives at ingestion time.

## Enumeration Members

### Attachment

> **Attachment**: `"attachment"`

Indicates to interpret and render a value as a file attachment. The provided value should be a URL
pointing to a file of a Coda-supported type. Coda will ingest the file and host it from Coda infrastructure.

***

### Currency

> **Currency**: `"currency"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a currency value.

***

### Date

> **Date**: `"date"`

Indicates to interpret the value as a date (e.g. March 3, 2021).

***

### DateTime

> **DateTime**: `"datetime"`

Indicates to interpret the value as a datetime (e.g. March 3, 2021 at 5:24pm).

***

### Duration

> **Duration**: `"duration"`

Indicates to interpret the value as a duration (e.g. 3 hours).

***

### Email

> **Email**: `"email"`

Indicates to interpret the value as an email address (e.g. joe@foo.com).

***

### Embed

> **Embed**: `"embed"`

Indicates to interpret and render a value as an embed. The provided value should be a URL pointing
to an embeddable web page.

***

### Html

> **Html**: `"html"`

Indicates to interpret a text value as HTML, which will be converted and rendered as Coda rich text.

***

### ImageAttachment

> **ImageAttachment**: `"imageAttachment"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as an image. The provided value should be a URL that
points to an image. Coda will ingest the image and host it from Coda infrastructure.

***

### ImageReference

> **ImageReference**: `"image"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as an image. The provided value should be a URL that
points to an image. Coda will hotlink to the image when rendering it a doc.

Using [ImageAttachment](#imageattachment) is recommended instead, so that the image is always accessible
and won't appear as broken if the source image is later deleted.

***

### Markdown

> **Markdown**: `"markdown"`

Indicates to interpret a text value as Markdown, which will be converted and rendered as Coda rich text.

***

### Percent

> **Percent**: `"percent"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a percentage.

***

### Person

> **Person**: `"person"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a Coda person reference. The provided value should be
an object whose `id` property is an email address, which Coda will try to resolve to a user
and render an @-reference to the user.

#### Example

```
makeObjectSchema({
  type: ValueType.Object,
  codaType: ValueHintType.Person,
  id: 'email',
  primary: 'name',
  properties: {
    email: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
    name: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
  },
});
```

***

### ProgressBar

> **ProgressBar**: `"progressBar"`

Indicates to render a numeric value as a progress bar UI component.

***

### Reference

> **Reference**: `"reference"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a Coda @-reference to a table row. The provided value should
be an object whose `id` value matches the id of some row in a sync table. The schema where this hint type is
used must specify an identity that specifies the desired sync table.

Normally a reference schema is constructed from the schema object being referenced using the helper
[makeReferenceSchemaFromObjectSchema](../functions/makeReferenceSchemaFromObjectSchema.md).

#### Example

```
makeObjectSchema({
  type: ValueType.Object,
  codaType: ValueHintType.Reference,
  identity: {
    name: "SomeSyncTableIdentity"
  },
  id: 'identifier',
  primary: 'name',
  properties: {
    identifier: {type: ValueType.Number, required: true},
    name: {type: ValueType.String, required: true},
  },
});
```

***

### Scale

> **Scale**: `"scale"`

Indicates to render a numeric value as a scale UI component (e.g. a star rating).

***

### SelectList

> **SelectList**: `"selectList"`

Indicates to render a value as a select list.

***

### Slider

> **Slider**: `"slider"`

Indicates to render a numeric value as a slider UI component.

***

### Time

> **Time**: `"time"`

Indicates to interpret the value as a time (e.g. 5:24pm).

***

### Toggle

> **Toggle**: `"toggle"`

Indicates to render a boolean value as a toggle.

***

### Url

> **Url**: `"url"`

Indicates to interpret and render the value as a URL link.
