---
title: "Interface: MockSyncExecutionContext"
nav: MockSyncExecutionContext
note: |-
  This file is autogenerated from TypeScript definitions. Make edits to the comments in the TypeScript file and then
  run "make docs" to regenerate this file.
search:
  boost: 0.1
---

# Interface: MockSyncExecutionContext\<SyncContinuationT, IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT, IncrementalSyncContinuationT\>

An object passed to the `execute` function of every formula invocation
with information and utilities for handling the invocation. In particular,
this contains the [core.Fetcher](../../core/interfaces/Fetcher.md), which is used for making HTTP requests.

## Extends

- [`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md)

## Type Parameters

### SyncContinuationT

`SyncContinuationT` = [`Continuation`](../../core/interfaces/Continuation.md)

### IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT

`IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT` = `SyncContinuationT`

### IncrementalSyncContinuationT

`IncrementalSyncContinuationT` = `SyncContinuationT`

## Properties

### endpoint?

> `readonly` `optional` **endpoint**: `string`

The base endpoint URL for the user's account, only if applicable. See
[core.BaseAuthentication.requiresEndpointUrl](../../core/interfaces/BaseAuthentication.md#requiresendpointurl).

If the API URLs are variable based on the user account, you will need this endpoint
to construct URLs to use with the fetcher. Alternatively, you can use relative URLs
(e.g. "/api/entity") and Coda will include the endpoint for you automatically.

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`endpoint`](MockExecutionContext.md#endpoint)

***

### fetcher

> **fetcher**: `object`

The [core.Fetcher](../../core/interfaces/Fetcher.md) used for making HTTP requests.

#### fetch

> **fetch**: `SinonStub`\<\[[`FetchRequest`](../../core/interfaces/FetchRequest.md)\], `Promise`\<[`FetchResponse`](../../core/interfaces/FetchResponse.md)\<`any`\>\>\>

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`fetcher`](MockExecutionContext.md#fetcher)

***

### invocationLocation

> `readonly` **invocationLocation**: [`InvocationLocation`](../../core/interfaces/InvocationLocation.md)

Information about the Coda environment and doc this formula was invoked from.
This is mostly for Coda internal use and we do not recommend relying on it.

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`invocationLocation`](MockExecutionContext.md#invocationlocation)

***

### invocationToken

> `readonly` **invocationToken**: `string`

A random token scoped to only this request invocation.
This is a unique identifier for the invocation, and in particular used with
[core.AuthenticationType.Custom](../../core/enumerations/AuthenticationType.md#custom) for naming template parameters that will be
replaced by the fetcher in secure way.

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`invocationToken`](MockExecutionContext.md#invocationtoken)

***

### sync

> **sync**: [`Sync`](../../core/type-aliases/Sync.md)\<`SyncContinuationT`, `IncrementalCheckpointContinuationT`, `IncrementalSyncContinuationT`\>

Information about state of the current sync. Only populated if this is a sync table formula.

#### Overrides

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`sync`](MockExecutionContext.md#sync)

***

### syncStateService

> **syncStateService**: `object`

#### getLatestRowVersions

> **getLatestRowVersions**: `SinonStub`\<\[`string`[]\]\>

***

### temporaryBlobStorage

> **temporaryBlobStorage**: `object`

A utility to fetch and store files and images that either require the pack user's authentication
or are too large to return inline. See [core.TemporaryBlobStorage](../../core/interfaces/TemporaryBlobStorage.md).

#### storeBlob

> **storeBlob**: `SinonStub`\<\[`Buffer`, `string`, `object`\]\>

#### storeUrl

> **storeUrl**: `SinonStub`\<\[`string`, `object`, `Pick`\<[`FetchRequest`](../../core/interfaces/FetchRequest.md), `"headers"` \| `"cacheTtlSecs"` \| `"disableAuthentication"`\>\]\>

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`temporaryBlobStorage`](MockExecutionContext.md#temporaryblobstorage)

***

### timezone

> `readonly` **timezone**: `string`

The timezone of the doc from which this formula was invoked.

#### Inherited from

[`MockExecutionContext`](MockExecutionContext.md).[`timezone`](MockExecutionContext.md#timezone)
